Add a troubleshooting section for IoT (#3665)
EnMasseProject/enmasse: documentation/modules/proc-iot-troubleshoot-stuck-iotproject.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//

> // assembly-service-admin.adoc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// assembly-iot-service-admin-guide.adoc
```

[id='proc-iot-troubleshoot-stuck-iotproject-{context}']

> = Fix `IoTProject` stuck in termination

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Resolving an IoT project deletion stuck in terminating state
```

When an `IoTProject` instance is deleted, the resource will not be deleted immediately.
It is only marked for deletion and necessary cleanup operations will be performed in the background.
The resource will automatically be deleted once the cleanup has been performed successfully.

In some situations it might be that, due do to infrastructure issues, the clean-up operation
cannot be performed at this point in time. The `IoTProject` will still be kept, and the
operator will re-try periodically to clean up the resources. The cleanup will succeed once
the infrastructure is back in operational state.

In the case that the infrastructure is not expected to function ever again, it might be desirable
to force the destruction of the `IoTProject` resources.

> WARNING: Manually removing the resource cleanup finalizer will skip the cleanup process,

Author: It depends: If your plan is to fix the infrastructure, and keep it running. Then the database would continue to contain old, unused data, which would not be accessible any more. If you plan on killing the infrastructure, you would continue to have an IoTProject lingering around forver.

 and prevent the system from properly cleaning up.

.Procedure

> . Evaluate if the project is stuck in the termination state using the `{cmdcli}` tool:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Determine if the project is stuck in the `Terminating` state using the `{cmdcli}` tool:
```

+
[options="nowrap",subs="attributes, +quotes"]
----
{cmdcli} get iotproject iot -n myapp
NAME   IOT TENANT  DOWNSTREAM HOST                       DOWNSTREAM PORT   TLS    PHASE
iot    myapp.iot   messaging-be482a6.enmasse-infra.svc   5671              true   Terminating
----
The output should show the project in the state "Terminating".
In addition, verify that the cleanup finalizer is still present:
+
[options="nowrap",subs="attributes, +quotes"]
----
{cmdcli} get iotproject iot -n myapp -ojsonpath='{range .metadata.finalizers[*]}{..}{"\n"}{end}'
iot.enmasse.io/deviceRegistryCleanup
----
If the list contains an entry of `iot.enmasse.io/deviceRegistryCleanup`, then resource cleanup process

> is still pending.

Reviewer: Question: Does this mean the user needs to wait until it is no longer pending to proceed? Or is this the state it needs to be in to proceed to the next step? 
If I'm following the logic correctly, I think it's the latter, so I added a clause below to clarify.

Author: Yes, it is the latter.

> is still pending.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is still pending, and you can proceed to the next step.
```

> . Manually remove the finalizer `iot.enmasse.io/deviceRegistryCleanup` from the list of finalizers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Locate the finalizer `iot.enmasse.io/deviceRegistryCleanup` in the list of finalizers:
```

+
[options="nowrap",subs="attributes, +quotes"]
----

> {cmdcli} edit iotproject iot -n myapp

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can document an easy copy/paste solutions in addition

```{cmdcli} patch iotproject iot -p '{"metadata":{"finalizers": []}}' --type=merge```

Author: Yea … the problem with that is that you are actually deleting all finalizers. Which is a difference to simply removing one. Not sure that makes a big difference in this case though.
